=head1 NAME 

Stuff - A collection of perl modules and programs for doing Stuff

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Stuff utilities was borne out of the frustration derived from
re-implpementing the same old perl bits and bobs each time I started a
new contract.  I've developed some useful little gizmos over the years
and it's annoying that each time I start a new contract I have to
implament a-fresh (since implementations for one employer belong to
them).

So I decided to implement this little toolset and put in under perl's
Artisitic license so that I can use it as a generic base which I can
then specialize for new customers.  This way no companies specifics
are revealed, but I don't have to re-invent the wheel every time I do
some useful work.

=head1 LICENSE

Stuff Tools modules are released under the terms of the GNU LGPL (see
LICENSE.LGPL for defaults).  The programs are released under the GNU
GPL (see LICENSE.GPL for details).

=head1 AUTHOR

Matthew Gates <matthew@porpoisehead.net>

http://porpoisehead.net/

=head1 CHANGELOG

=over

=item Date:2004-02-23 Tidying

Wrote up the INSTALL and README files.

=item Date:2005-02-15 Package Creation, Author MNG

The modules have been brewing for some time, and there have been a few
programs knocking about on my hard disk for a while, but this is the
first time I've managed to stuck them into a reasonable package.

=back

=head1 BUGS

Please report bugs to the author.

=head1 SEE ALSO

=head2 Modules

Stuff::ByteSize(3), Stuff::Column(3), Stuff::Debug(3),
Stuff::FieldSet(3), Stuff::Mktemp(3), Stuff::Morse(3),
Stuff::ParseRange(3), Stuff::Range(3), Stuff::StatSet(3),
Stuff::Table(3), Stuff::Text(3), Stuff::Type(3), Stuff::Usage(3),

=head2 Programs

ascii2morse(1), cr2crlf(1), dms2dec(1), dq(1), groupby(1), isprime(1),
log_bt_ip(1), morse2ascii(1), sq(1), sumup(1).

=cut

